like us missing interview to another
passing themes in that area really the
true artists envite musical a
company of men working on nights
and days we sell joy
I am for example motorcycle or mix the
head with a whole team of people in
this occasion of ultra mega chemical neguá
to the chemist as your project of
where you are from where you come from
what we are working what is
call they said we have
I do not have a lot of soft question
hugs kisses caresses
this general pod of your strip
part that really generate you
controversies you generate money with money
gets you inside of you gets you inside the
suit that as a song says
youth get you the movement of a
tomb
in that place is that you get out of the rally
inside the grave they have to give me the
respect
that's saying a lot of chemicals because a lot
People who self as
but any question
to many people who tell you that this is
a victory
Sunday
and the Puerto Rican are recording with us
to help
future of gender
Dominican Simon Bolivar us the
musical